no_response|wrong_key
Too slow!
You have %d moves
Please enter all moves first to see the result.
Enter trains now
You have a total of %d
Points won.
Points lost.
Please enter participant number
Enter location
Please enter session

You have not entered enough moves.
You lost 200 points.
times up


Welcome to the first part of the training!
Press SPACE to continue.

You will see 6 rectangles on the screen. You can
move back and forth between any of the rectangles
by pressing the 'U' or 'I' keys.

One key goes through the middle, the other around the circle.
You will have some time to try this out. Familiarize yourself with
which key you have to press in order to get away from other rectangles.
Press SPACE to continue.

Well done! The first part of the training is now over.
Press SPACE to continue.


You are the WHITE rectangle! Please move
around for a while so you can get a feel for
how you can move.
Press SPACE to continue.

You have x moves
Reach the red destination on the last train.
Very good!
Please try it again.

For the following tasks you only have
one more try to reach the red goal
Press SPACE to continue.

Reach the red destination
Very good!
Unfortunately that was incorrect.





Welcome to the second part of the training,
Press SPACE to continue.

From now on you will receive a certain number of points for every move.
Certain moves result in a profit of 140 or 20 points,
Others lose -20 or -70 points.
Your goal now is to memorize how many points
every train delivers.
Press SPACE to continue.


We're getting closer to the goal.
In this part you can freely choose a sequence of moves of a
certain length. Try to choose them so you get as many points as possible.
Press SPACE to continue.


Now we will only show you how you move and how much you
won or lost after entering the entire turn.
Press SPACE to continue.


Let's try a few exercises under time pressure!
From now on you only have 9 seconds to think about it.
You then have about 2.5 seconds to enter the moves.
The thinking time can be interrupted by entering the first move
Do not enter the turn order until you have
the entire sequence of moves clearly in front of your eyes.
You need to hurry up a little to achieve this within 9s.
Press SPACE to continue.



We are now testing how well you have learned the points so far.
Please use the keyboard for input here!
How much is the next move worth?
1: 140, 2:20, 3: -20, 4: -70

Correct, this move is worth i points.


Unfortunately it is not correct.
This move is worth i points.

Well done. You got% i of% i right.
Press SPACE to continue.