no_response|wrong_key
Too slow!
You have %d moves
Please enter all moves first to see the result.
Enter trains now
You have a total of %d
Points won.
Points lost.
Please enter participant number
Enter location
Please enter session

You have not entered enough moves.
You lost 200 points.
times up


Psychochess
Welcome to the first part of the training
please press a key to continue
You will see 6 rectangles on the screen. You can
move back and forth between the rectangles by pressing the
Press the' 'J' 'or' 'K' 'keys. You can be from anyone
Press keys'' 1 '' or '' 2 ''. You can be from anyone
press the blue or yellow button. You can be from anyone


'Move rectangle to one of two other rectangles.'
'One key goes through the middle, the other around the circle. '
'You now have some time to try this out. Imprint yourself quite well '
'Which key you have to press in order to get away from each'
'Move rectangle through the center or in a circle. '
'Please press any key to continue.'
'Well done! The first part of the training is now over. '
'Please press SPACE to end the training!'
'You are the WHITE rectangle! Please move ', 0.100 * params.scaling)
'around for a while so you can get a feel for it', 0.75 * params.scaling)
'how you can move.', 0.50 * params.scaling)
'Please press a button to start training.'
'You have% d% s.'
'Reach the red destination on the last train.'
'Very well!'
'Please try'
'it all over again.'
'For the following tasks you only have'
'one more chance at a time to reach the red goal'
'Please press a key to continue.'
'Reach the red destination by train.'
'Very well!'
'Unfortunately it is false.'
'You correctly solved% d of% d problems.'
'We're continuing to train now.'



'Welcome to the second part of the training,'
'please press a button to start training.'
'From now on you will receive a certain number of points for every move.'
'Certain moves result in a profit of 140 or 20 points,'
'Others lose -20 or -70 points.'
'Your goal now is to memorize how many points'
'every train delivers.'
'Please press a key.'


'We're getting closer to the goal.'
'In this part you can freely choose a sequence of moves of a'
'Choose a certain length. Try to choose them like this'
'that you get as many points as possible.'
'Please press a key.'


'Now we only show you after entering the entire'
'Turn order, how you move and how much you'
'won or lost.'
'Please press a key.'


'Well, let's try a few exercises under time pressure!'
'From now on you only have 9 seconds to think about it.'
'You then have about 2.5 seconds to enter the moves.'
'The thinking time can be interrupted by entering the first move'
'will. Do not enter the turn order until you have '
'Have the entire sequence of moves clearly in front of your eyes. You need to'
'but hurry up a little to achieve this within 9s.'
'Please press a key.'



'We are now testing how well you have learned the points so far.'
'Please use the keyboard for input here!'
'Please press a key.'




'How much is the next move worth?'
'1: 140, 2:20, 3: -20, 4: -70'

'Correctly!'
'This move is worth% i points.'


'Unfortunately it is false.'
'This move is worth% i points.'
'Well done. You got% i of% i right. ',
'Please press a key.'






















